


	#Authentication Vulnerabilities#
	
		[Username enumeration via different responses]	- It has an account with a predictable username and password, which can be found in the following wordlists

			first enumerate username using Sniper-Attack. <Check status code and error status message> 
			
				Invalid-Error show not matching username
				Passowrd-Error show to matching username
				
				then select the username and brute-force for password 
				
		
		[2FA simple bypass]
		
			log in to your own account. 2FA verification code will be sent to email. submit the OTP. and Copy the URL patten /my-account
				after log-out then log-in victim user, it will ask OTP.. to bypass this OTP place /my-account in the URL.
					the it will bypass automatically
					
					
		
		[Password reset broken logic]
		
			observe that the reset token is provided as a URL query parameter in the reset email. 
				notice that when you submit your new password, the POST "/forgot-password?temp-forgot-password-token" request contains the username as hidden input. 
					send this request to Burp Repeater.
					
			in Burp Repeater, observe that the password reset functionality still works even if you delete the value of the temp-forgot-password-token parameter
				in both the URL and request body. This confirms that the token is not being checked when you submit the new password.
		
			In Burp Repeater, delete the value of the temp-forgot-password-token parameter in both the URL and request body. 
				Change the username parameter to carlos. Set the new password to whatever you want and send the request.
				
				
			
	
		[Username enumeration via subtly different responses]
			



		[Username enumeration via response timing]
	
		X-Forwarded-For: is used to bypass ip address block-listing
			
		after multiple times attemps of login, it blocks login for 30 mins. add X-Forwarded-For with any random value.
			it will bypass ip-address
			
		send the request to intruder. 
		
		X-Forwarded-For: §1§		1-> auto increment 1 to 100 by 1 for request		with pictfork attacks
		username=§admin§		2-> random username 
		
		set a long-range-password, if username is match then it tries to match password. and response will delay due to this.
			we get username and then set username and set password brute-force attacks


		while attacks, check response-receive time at colums.
		
		

		



		
		
